we are taking our show to brooklyn next
week and in preparation for that i
thought it'd be fun to go back to my old
elementary school to talk to some of the
kids who are going there now so I packed
my lie detector and I brought it to my
old school it's my real old school I
brought my truth fairy Guillermo and sat
down with a young man named Marcus
[Music]
well hello there how are you good have a
seat right there this is the truth fairy
why are you the truth fairy's gonna put
this helmet on you this is called a lie
detector okay it tells us if a person is
lying or not and all you have to do is
tell me the truth the whole truth and
nothing but the truth so help you God
will you do that very good what is your
name Marcus how old are you I'm sorry
7 years old do you like to joke around
well you do not okay well this is saying
you do like to joke around
do you ever joke around yes you do
sometimes do you lie a lot
why do you lie so much okay tell us
a little bit about yourself what do you
like to do play play play what
basketball basketball what else do you
enjoy do you like music no you do not
hmm but I do like dancing to music oh
you like dancing to music but you don't
like the music itself yeah I see so it's
like if you like decorating cakes but
you didn't like eating them mm-hmm yeah
that's a good analogy do you know what
an analogy is okay where do you want to
be when you grow up a basketball player
mm-hmm do you like showering with other
guys okay very good
let's talk about your home life are you
well behaved at home you sometimes do
bad things just elope just a little what
kind of bad things do you do like um a
lot of times I get punished at my house
yeah for what like um um sometimes for
my homework uh-huh I see you don't do it
yeah it's more fun to magical it's more
fun to knock your helmet why don't
parents understand that is it fun to be
a grown-up yeah is it more fun to be a
grown-up or a kid it's more fun to be
why do you say that
cuz you could drive driving is good
where would you drive if you could drive
the basketball you love basketball huh
mm-hmm
mm-hmm all right I think we've covered
pretty much everything anything else you
want to tell us is there anything any
secrets that you have I only have a
secret I can't tell I mean well you can
tell us you can tell us we're here we'll
tell no this one you can tell us you
were with the police like if somebody
steals me I have a secret password just
go to fire okay well we might want to
change the password
[Applause]